README.md, before:

 <a href="./examples/Classifier_Comparison_Julia.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Classifier_Comparison_Julia.png" alt="# Classifier Comparison (Julia classifiers)" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Clustering_Comparison.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Clustering_Comparison.png" alt="# Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy datasets" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Density_Estimation_Julia.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Density_Estimation_Julia.png" alt="# Density Estimation for a mixture of Gaussians (using GaussianMixtures.jl)" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Outlier_Detection.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Outlier_Detection.png" alt="# Outlier detection with several methods" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Plot_Kmeans_Digits.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Plot_Kmeans_Digits.png" alt="# A demo of K-Means clustering on the handwritten digits data" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/RBM.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/RBM.png" alt="# Restricted Boltzmann Machine features for digit classification" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Simple_1D_Kernel_Density.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Simple_1D_Kernel_Density.png" alt="# Simple 1D Kernel Density Estimation" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Text_Feature_Extraction.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Text_image.png" alt="# Sample pipeline for text feature extraction and evaluation" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Two_Class_Adaboost.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Two_Class_Adaboost.png" alt="# Two Class Adaboost" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Underfitting_vs_Overfitting.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Underfitting_vs_Overfitting.png" alt="# Underfitting vs. Overfitting" width="170"> </a>

# ScikitLearn.jl
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl)
[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/)


ScikitLearn.jl implements the popular
[scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/) interface and algorithms in
Julia. It supports both models from the Julia ecosystem and those of the
[scikit-learn library](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/classes.html)
(via PyCall.jl).

Would you rather use a machine-learning framework specially-designed for Julia? Check out [MLJ.jl](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl), from the Alan Turing institute.

**Disclaimer**: ScikitLearn.jl borrows code and documentation from
[scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/), but *it is not an official part
of that project*. It is licensed under [BSD-3](LICENSE).

Main features:

- Around 150 [Julia](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/models/#Julia-models-1) and [Python](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/models/#Python-models-1) models accessed through a uniform [interface](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/api/)
- [Pipelines and FeatureUnions](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/pipelines/)
- [Cross-validation](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/cross_validation/)
- [Hyperparameter tuning](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/model_selection/)
- [DataFrames support](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/dataframes/)

Check out the [Quick-Start
Guide](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/quickstart/) for a
tour.

## Installation

To install ScikitLearn.jl, type `]add ScikitLearn` at the REPL.

To import Python models (optional), ScikitLearn.jl requires [the scikit-learn Python library](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/models/#Installation-and-importing-Python-models-1), which will be installed automatically when needed. Most of the examples use [PyPlot.jl](https://github.com/stevengj/PyPlot.jl)

## Documentation

See the [manual](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/) and
[example gallery](docs/src/man/examples.md).

## Goal

ScikitLearn.jl aims for feature parity with scikit-learn. If you
encounter any problem that is solved by that library but not this one, [file an
issue](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/issues).

Commit message:

loosen bounds (#119)
* make sure conda installs latest version of sklearn

* update ci

* use LD_LIBRARY_PATH enviroment variable 

* cleanup try...catch block

README.md, after:

 <a href="./examples/Classifier_Comparison_Julia.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Classifier_Comparison_Julia.png" alt="# Classifier Comparison (Julia classifiers)" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Clustering_Comparison.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Clustering_Comparison.png" alt="# Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy datasets" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Density_Estimation_Julia.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Density_Estimation_Julia.png" alt="# Density Estimation for a mixture of Gaussians (using GaussianMixtures.jl)" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Outlier_Detection.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Outlier_Detection.png" alt="# Outlier detection with several methods" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Plot_Kmeans_Digits.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Plot_Kmeans_Digits.png" alt="# A demo of K-Means clustering on the handwritten digits data" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/RBM.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/RBM.png" alt="# Restricted Boltzmann Machine features for digit classification" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Simple_1D_Kernel_Density.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Simple_1D_Kernel_Density.png" alt="# Simple 1D Kernel Density Estimation" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Text_Feature_Extraction.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Text_image.png" alt="# Sample pipeline for text feature extraction and evaluation" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Two_Class_Adaboost.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Two_Class_Adaboost.png" alt="# Two Class Adaboost" width="170"> </a>  <a href="./examples/Underfitting_vs_Overfitting.ipynb"><img src="./docs/example_images/Underfitting_vs_Overfitting.png" alt="# Underfitting vs. Overfitting" width="170"> </a>

# ScikitLearn.jl
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl)
[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/)


ScikitLearn.jl implements the popular
[scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/) interface and algorithms in
Julia. It supports both models from the Julia ecosystem and those of the
[scikit-learn library](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/classes.html)
(via PyCall.jl).

Would you rather use a machine-learning framework specially-designed for Julia? Check out [MLJ.jl](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl), from the Alan Turing institute.

**Disclaimer**: ScikitLearn.jl borrows code and documentation from
[scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/), but *it is not an official part
of that project*. It is licensed under [BSD-3](LICENSE).

Main features:

- Around 150 [Julia](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/models/#Julia-models-1) and [Python](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/models/#Python-models-1) models accessed through a uniform [interface](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/api/)
- [Pipelines and FeatureUnions](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/pipelines/)
- [Cross-validation](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/cross_validation/)
- [Hyperparameter tuning](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/model_selection/)
- [DataFrames support](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/dataframes/)

Check out the [Quick-Start
Guide](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/quickstart/) for a
tour.

## Installation

To install ScikitLearn.jl, type `]add ScikitLearn` at the REPL.

To import Python models (optional), ScikitLearn.jl requires [the scikit-learn Python library](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/man/models/#Installation-and-importing-Python-models-1), which will be installed automatically when needed. Most of the examples use [PyPlot.jl](https://github.com/stevengj/PyPlot.jl)

## Known issue

On Linux builds, importing python models via `@sk_import` is known to fail for Julia v<0.8.4 when the `PYTHON` enviroment variable from `PyCall.jl` is set to `""` or `conda`. This is becuase the version libstdcxx loaded by Julia v<0.8.4 isn't compatible with the version of scikit-learn installed via Conda.
The easiest and recommended way to resolve this is to upgrade to Julia v>=1.8.4. If you must stick with your current julia version you can also resolve this issue by pre-appending your system's `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` enviroment variable as shown below
```bash
ROOT_ENV=`julia -e "using Conda; print(Conda.ROOTENV)`
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$ROOT_ENV"/lib":$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
```

## Documentation

See the [manual](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/dev/) and
[example gallery](docs/src/man/examples.md).

## Goal

ScikitLearn.jl aims for feature parity with scikit-learn. If you
encounter any problem that is solved by that library but not this one, [file an
issue](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/issues).
