docs/models.md, before:

Python models
-----

scikit-learn has on the order of 100 to 200 models (more generally called
"estimators"), split into three categories:

- [Supervised Learning](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/supervised_learning.html) (linear regression, support vector machines, random forest, neural nets, ...)
- [Unsupervised Learning](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/unsupervised_learning.html) (clustering, PCA, mixture models, manifold learning, ...)
- [Dataset Transformation](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/data_transforms.html) (preprocessing, text feature extraction, one-hot encoding, ...)

All of those estimators will work with ScikitLearn.jl. They are imported with
`@sk_import`. For example, here's how to import and fit
`sklearn.linear_regression.LogisticRegression`

```julia
using ScikitLearn
@sk_import linear_model: LogisticRegression

log_reg = fit!(LogisticRegression(penalty="l1"), X_train, y_train)
predict(X_test)
```

Reminder: `?LogisticRegression` contains a lot of information about the model
parameters.

#### Installation

Importing the Python models requires Python 2.7 with numpy, and the
scikit-learn library. This is easiest to get through [Conda.jl](https://github.com/Luthaf/Conda.jl), which is already
installed on your system.  Calling `@sk_import linear_model: LinearRegression` should automatically install everything. If you have issues, please
refer to [PyCall.jl](https://github.com/stevengj/PyCall.jl#installation).

Julia models
------

Julia models are hosted in other packages, and need to be installed separately
with `Pkg.add` or `Pkg.checkout` (to get the latest version - sometimes
necessary). They all implement the [common api](api.md), and provide
hyperparameter information in their `?docstrings`.

Unfortunately, some packages export a `fit!` function that conflicts with
ScikitLearn's `fit!`. I recommend importing selectively, i.e. `using
LowRankModels: GLRM, PCA, KMeans` instead of `using LowRankModels`.

### ScikitLearn models

- `ScikitLearn.Models.LinearRegression()` implements linear regression using
  `\`, optimized for speed. See `?LinearRegression` for fitting options.

### GaussianMixtures.jl

```julia
Pkg.checkout("GaussianMixtures.jl")   # install the package
using GaussianMixtures: GMM
using ScikitLearn

gmm = fit!(GMM(n_components=3, # number of Gaussians to fit
               kind=:diag), # diagonal covariance matrix (other option: :full)
           X)
predict_proba(gmm, X)
```

Documentation at [GaussianMixtures.jl](https://github.com/davidavdav/GaussianMixtures.jl). Example: [density estimation](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/blob/master/examples/Density_Estimation_Julia.ipynb)

### GaussianProcesses.jl

```julia
Pkg.checkout("GaussianProcesses.jl")   # install the package
using GaussianProcesses: GP
using ScikitLearn

gp = fit!(GP(; m=MeanZero(), k=SE(0.0, 0.0), logNoise=-1e8),
          X, y)
predict(gp, X)
```

Documentation at [GaussianProcesses.jl](https://github.com/STOR-i/GaussianProcesses.jl) and in the `?GP` docstring. Example: [Gaussian Processes](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/blob/master/examples/Gaussian_Processes_Julia.ipynb)

Gaussian Processes have a lot of hyperparameters, see `get_params(GP)`
for a list. They can all be [tuned](model_selection.md)

### DecisionTree.jl

- `DecisionTreeClassifier`
- `DecisionTreeRegressor`
- `RandomForestClassifier`
- `RandomForestRegressor`
- `AdaBoostStumpClassifier`

Documentation at [DecisionTree.jl](https://github.com/bensadeghi/DecisionTree.jl#scikitlearnjl). Examples: [Classifier Comparison](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/blob/master/examples/Classifier_Comparison_Julia.ipynb), [Decision Tree Regression](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/blob/master/examples/Decision_Tree_Regression_Julia.ipynb) notebooks.

### LowRankModels.jl

- `SkGLRM`: Generalized Low Rank Model
- `PCA`: Principal Component Analysis
- `QPCA`: Quadratically Regularized PCA
- `RPCA`: Robust PCA
- `NNMF`: Non-negative matrix factorization
- `KMeans`: The k-means algorithm

Please note that these algorithms are all special cases of the Generalized Low Rank Model algorithm, whose main goal is to provide flexible loss and regularization for heterogeneous data. Specialized algorithms will achieve faster convergence in general.

Documentation at [LowRankModels.jl](https://github.com/madeleineudell/LowRankModels.jl#scikitlearn). Example: [KMeans Digit Classifier](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/blob/master/examples/Plot_Kmeans_Digits_Julia.ipynb).

### Contributing

To make your Julia model compatible with ScikitLearn.jl, you need to implement
the scikit-learn interface. See [ScikitLearnBase.jl](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearnBase.jl)

Commit message:

Added `Conda.add()` clarification to the installation docs

docs/models.md, after:

Python models
-----

scikit-learn has on the order of 100 to 200 models (more generally called
"estimators"), split into three categories:

- [Supervised Learning](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/supervised_learning.html) (linear regression, support vector machines, random forest, neural nets, ...)
- [Unsupervised Learning](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/unsupervised_learning.html) (clustering, PCA, mixture models, manifold learning, ...)
- [Dataset Transformation](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/data_transforms.html) (preprocessing, text feature extraction, one-hot encoding, ...)

All of those estimators will work with ScikitLearn.jl. They are imported with
`@sk_import`. For example, here's how to import and fit
`sklearn.linear_regression.LogisticRegression`

```julia
using ScikitLearn
@sk_import linear_model: LogisticRegression

log_reg = fit!(LogisticRegression(penalty="l1"), X_train, y_train)
predict(X_test)
```

Reminder: `?LogisticRegression` contains a lot of information about the model
parameters.

#### Installation

Importing the Python models requires Python 2.7 with numpy, and the
scikit-learn library. This is easiest to get through [Conda.jl](https://github.com/Luthaf/Conda.jl), which is already
installed on your system.  Calling `@sk_import linear_model: LinearRegression` should automatically install everything. You can also install `scikit-learn`
manually with `Conda.add("scikit-learn")`. If you have other issues, please
refer to [PyCall.jl](https://github.com/stevengj/PyCall.jl#installation), or
[post an issue](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/issues/new)

Julia models
------

Julia models are hosted in other packages, and need to be installed separately
with `Pkg.add` or `Pkg.checkout` (to get the latest version - sometimes
necessary). They all implement the [common api](api.md), and provide
hyperparameter information in their `?docstrings`.

Unfortunately, some packages export a `fit!` function that conflicts with
ScikitLearn's `fit!`. I recommend importing selectively, i.e. `using
LowRankModels: GLRM, PCA, KMeans` instead of `using LowRankModels`.

### ScikitLearn models

- `ScikitLearn.Models.LinearRegression()` implements linear regression using
  `\`, optimized for speed. See `?LinearRegression` for fitting options.

### GaussianMixtures.jl

```julia
Pkg.checkout("GaussianMixtures.jl")   # install the package
using GaussianMixtures: GMM
using ScikitLearn

gmm = fit!(GMM(n_components=3, # number of Gaussians to fit
               kind=:diag), # diagonal covariance matrix (other option: :full)
           X)
predict_proba(gmm, X)
```

Documentation at [GaussianMixtures.jl](https://github.com/davidavdav/GaussianMixtures.jl). Example: [density estimation](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/blob/master/examples/Density_Estimation_Julia.ipynb)

### GaussianProcesses.jl

```julia
Pkg.checkout("GaussianProcesses.jl")   # install the package
using GaussianProcesses: GP
using ScikitLearn

gp = fit!(GP(; m=MeanZero(), k=SE(0.0, 0.0), logNoise=-1e8),
          X, y)
predict(gp, X)
```

Documentation at [GaussianProcesses.jl](https://github.com/STOR-i/GaussianProcesses.jl) and in the `?GP` docstring. Example: [Gaussian Processes](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/blob/master/examples/Gaussian_Processes_Julia.ipynb)

Gaussian Processes have a lot of hyperparameters, see `get_params(GP)`
for a list. They can all be [tuned](model_selection.md)

### DecisionTree.jl

- `DecisionTreeClassifier`
- `DecisionTreeRegressor`
- `RandomForestClassifier`
- `RandomForestRegressor`
- `AdaBoostStumpClassifier`

Documentation at [DecisionTree.jl](https://github.com/bensadeghi/DecisionTree.jl#scikitlearnjl). Examples: [Classifier Comparison](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/blob/master/examples/Classifier_Comparison_Julia.ipynb), [Decision Tree Regression](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/blob/master/examples/Decision_Tree_Regression_Julia.ipynb) notebooks.

### LowRankModels.jl

- `SkGLRM`: Generalized Low Rank Model
- `PCA`: Principal Component Analysis
- `QPCA`: Quadratically Regularized PCA
- `RPCA`: Robust PCA
- `NNMF`: Non-negative matrix factorization
- `KMeans`: The k-means algorithm

Please note that these algorithms are all special cases of the Generalized Low Rank Model algorithm, whose main goal is to provide flexible loss and regularization for heterogeneous data. Specialized algorithms will achieve faster convergence in general.

Documentation at [LowRankModels.jl](https://github.com/madeleineudell/LowRankModels.jl#scikitlearn). Example: [KMeans Digit Classifier](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearn.jl/blob/master/examples/Plot_Kmeans_Digits_Julia.ipynb).

### Contributing

To make your Julia model compatible with ScikitLearn.jl, you need to implement
the scikit-learn interface. See [ScikitLearnBase.jl](https://github.com/cstjean/ScikitLearnBase.jl)
